hey welcome back everyone we're now on
two coins in the forecast in the
forecast on I was gonna say Forrest but
yeah oh use boost bucks cuts as many
coins as you can it's probably gonna be
a time limit thing no wins and probably
the only 30 coins total alright so I
will be jumping back forth you gotta mix
them up I gotta meet you some blocks get
you do those coins and I gotta collect
them okay right here we go first one
maybe right no so much where's my blocks
I was landing over the play you need to
put blocks underneath where I think I
might lay in a platform better sir you
need to we just established me to put
more blocks around I was like you suck
it
no they're like that that was that was
good the whole time that was good
playing right there alright now we're
good that might have been my father golf
words no go upwards I wanted a little
more height there you know see you got
you gotta build them that you feel them
too close like yeah I could fly a little
farther than that but you went backwards
no cuz I had to go try and land in that
pink block put another one
okay so our coordination isn't down just
yet actor were more like oops whoa whoa
whoa we need to sell coops
I don't look at that you it you were
about to fall off there sir why don't
you put the book there underneath I was
led you weren't thinking about I was
thinking you know if I think you guys in
the comments should should say who is
doing it wrong right here clearly it's
starting up more supposed to just go
ahead and put that right now well
clearly it's coops no it's not team enob
it's gonna be team coops thank you okay
I'll go try has my father once slipped
around more blocks are you building
blocks in there are my just landing on
something I don't know I'm not even
building blocks in there but what you
didn't put it okay that was definitely
coops is doing well there and someone
didn't put blocks anywhere okay for me
to land oh yes half the time that that
level there was no blocks anywhere I'm
not slipping my there's no blocks for
too small yeah there's my excuse okay
second wall bounce for these long stuck
in the wave have you gotten even 10 yet
yes we got 10 the last time maybe I got
to read no we you know we had more than
three the time for that yeah oh yeah but
thank you good say Sarah Noah's way go
to the left there you go you killed me
this is a one star one really what I
guess you get to do this by yourself
they'd use the gamepad as well like :
and tap on the gamepad and then no no
all right I got this all right got this
all right if you say so it's like if I
may right here we got this I can feel it
I can feel this run right here yeah you
can jump on top of that I keep going to
the wall cuz the walls safety because I
know there's gonna be a wall there and I
don't know about the blocks underneath
me I won't worry about that
Oh trust you for the blocks might jump
up there will be a block it wasn't boy
there will be a block that was a trust
factor there don't worry can one start
last one star believe okay
build over to the left there you go
where'd it go
I didn't do anything you do anything you
made the block disappear her I'd be
actually I just I did put blocks down
that's what I did that was a little high
there there that's a good that is a good
strategy I don't know what I landed on
and I don't know why there wasn't
another block right where I should have
been done skidding but ya know just put
a block right underneath where they
should meet where they're going you know
doesn't sound like four blocks at a time
though yeah you go in place for yeah
it's for I don't want to keep tapping
all over the place and no just sir just
put them underneath where they're gonna
be
that's all I want
not that another coming Duns we're due
still you you gotta do a better job of
block placing that's that's what it
ultimately boils down to it not good
enough block placing here we go no what
are you doing I'm going towards the next
one but don't I don't get what's going
wrong here your bill iam too high
stay in this middle area right here what
did I just say what I just said hug too
high then you've never got too high okay
I just want to jump I want to know
there's me a block there there goes bury
my father
I don't mean Ted it mean - we got the
bronze but man that's easy
what no wasn't easy it is terrible I did
perfect that except for that one last
little mistake of end because because
because I was expecting a block to be
there I was expect you to know see
you're building blocks wait do i before
this is gonna be great for the rest of
this Boozman
well maybe it won't prove to be great
but we can you can see what people say
in the comments now they're all gonna
say team coups are you guys ready me nah
man team coups Tamina team hoops every
episode will be team coups it would snow
yeah great we're supposed to be working
together now just listen to you this is
not gonna work out well guys all right
we'll see you next time